📖 Consolidate content in the Cloud-Init and Deploy VM docs (#183)
vmware-tanzu/vm-operator: docs/tutorials/deploy-vm/cloudinit.md

# Deploy a VM With Cloud-Init

This page reviews deploying a VM with the bootstrap method Cloud-Init.

## Description

> [Cloud-Init](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) is widely recognized as the de facto method for bootstrapping modern VM instances on hyperscalers, including Tanzu with VM Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cloud-Init](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) is widely recognized as the de-facto method for bootstrapping modern VM instances on hyperscalers, including VM Service.
```

Author: making it "including VM Service on vSphere with Tanzu" since we're talking about hyperscalers.

## Purpose

> As a DevOps user, you can bootstrap the guest inside a VM using the Cloud-Init to:

Reviewer: Not your change, but I don't think this is the exhaustive list of capabilities unlocked by cloud init user-data?  Maybe change the language to reflect that these are just an example of a few things that users can do.

            Hello, world.
    ```

> The above example show a `VirtualMachine` custom resource using the CloudInit metadata transport provided by the `Secret` _my-vm-bootstrap-data_ .

Reviewer: Maybe reword it to something like?
```suggestion
The above example shows a `VirtualMachine` resource that specifies user-data using a `Secret` resource (`my-vm-bootstrap-data`), which will be used by `CloudInit` to bootstrap and customize the guest.
```
